Artificial Intelligence(AI), we know, more and more popular on our life. Artificial Intelligence means the computer per programs do some work like human do by machine learning.
Artificial Intelligence(AI) indeed impacts somewhere on our life. Here is one example, the programs drive the car by AI. The car can drive itself means people don't do anything, even can sleep in the car. But it not abssolutly safe. For example, some cases report AI drive can damage walker on the road in some contional. Another example is big data on web store, such as JD.com, taobao.com, recently some news report the JD.com is not honest. Have something on JD store have different price for different people, beacuse the JD use the big data from coutomers. Some good news, use big data also can help human can easy life. Form my experience, some scientists use AI find questions and deal with it in bioinformatics. And I also use machine learning in bioinformatics. The gene sequence data is a big data. Nobody can study it without computer. It means the researchers need study computer programs. The AI and machine learning will help them.
What are the impacts of AI on our life? Promote or curb it decide we how to use it. It is the responsibility of the schools and the goverment of all levels to awaken people to the significance of the AI tide.

What can be clearly see in this view is exactly that AI is benefit to mankind in more field, with the behavior far-reaching. As a matter of fact, the intended meaning of the above outlook is by no means simple. What a thought-provoking perspective it is!

As far as I'm concerned, AI is an indispensable revolution. It should be noted, of course, that such AI practices are now available anywhere in our neighborhood and around the world and we can easily find bulk of relevant discussions in the mass media. In some movies, AI will eventually get out control and AI looks like human but human can victory. I believe that we are toally conpatible. Rising concern, fortunately, has been given today to such a thought-provoking phenomenon.

“Efficient and effective actions should be encouraged to help promote it,” says Lin Chen, a 72-year-old behavioral scientist of the Chinese Academy of Science. It is the responsibility of the government, the mass media and schools of all levels to awaken people to the significance of this tide. Furthermore, each individual could serve as a driving force to such happenings.
